Add deprecation notification for externalitem legacy (#21512)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/search-api-overview.md

- Customizations in SharePoint search, such as a custom search schema or result sources, can interfere with Microsoft Search API operations.

## Schema change deprecation warning

> (1)Effective August 31, 2023, the beta version of the [externalItem resource](./externalconnectors-externalitem.md) resource  in the Microsoft Graph namespace will be deprecated. Going forward, use the version of the resource in the **Microsoft.Graph.ExternalConnectors** namespace. Make sure that you update any namespace dependencies before the specified date. Alternatively, consider transitioning to the v1.0 version of the API.

Reviewer: My original comment here hasn't been fully addressed. We currently have two versions of the externalItem resource type defined in the metadata - one in the global namespace and one in the subnamespace. When we announce a deprecation, we should update the topic to reflect that it's deprecated. In the case of a move to a subnamespace, we need to have two topics for the resource until the deprecated resource is removed from the global namespace. For details, see: https://dev.azure.com/msazure/One/_wiki/wikis/Microsoft%20Graph%20Partners/211775/Deprecate-docs?anchor=deprecate-content-for-a-resource

Author: Hi, @Lauragra . The legacy externalItem  resource has been already removed from the resource owner team in the doc. check https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/externalconnectors-externalitem?view=graph-rest-beta. The namespace is updated to use the new subnamespace.

**In the beta version**, properties used in a search request and response have been renamed or removed. In most cases, the original properties are being deprecated and replaced by the current properties, as listed in the following table.

> Starting from August 31, 2023, the [externalItem resource](./externalconnectors-externalitem.md) resource within the Microsoft Graph namespace will be deprecated in the beta version of the API.  It will be replaced by the new namespace **Microsoft.Graph.ExternalConnectors**.  To prevent errors when this change is implemented, make sure that any namespace dependencies in the beta version are updated by the specified date. Alternatively, consider transitioning to using the v1 version of the API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from August 31, 2023, the [externalItem resource](./externalconnectors-externalitem.md) resource within the Microsoft Graph namespace will be deprecated in the beta version of the API.  Instead, it will be replaced by the new namespace **Microsoft.Graph.ExternalConnectors**.  o avoid any errors after the deprecation, make sure that you update any namespace dependencies in the beta version before the specified date. Alternatively, you may consider transitioning to the v1 version of the API.
```

> Starting from August 31, 2023, the [externalItem resource](./externalconnectors-externalitem.md) resource within the Microsoft Graph namespace will be deprecated in the beta version of the API.  Instead, it will be replaced by the new namespace **Microsoft.Graph.ExternalConnectors**.  To avoid any errors after the deprecation, make sure that you update any namespace dependencies in the beta version before the specified date. Alternatively, you may consider transitioning to the v1 version of the API.

Reviewer: Please revise as:
Effective August 31, 2023, the beta version of the [externalItem](./externalconnectors-externalitem.md) resource in the Microsoft Graph namespace will be deprecated.  Going forward, use the version of the resource in the **Microsoft.Graph.ExternalConnectors** namespace.  Make sure that you update any namespace dependencies before the specified date. Alternatively, consider transitioning to the v1.0 version of the API.

> Starting from August 31, 2023, the [externalItem resource](./externalconnectors-externalitem.md) resource within the Microsoft Graph namespace will be deprecated in the beta version of the API.  Instead, it will be replaced by the new namespace **Microsoft.Graph.ExternalConnectors**.  To avoid any errors after the deprecation, make sure that you update any namespace dependencies in the beta version before the specified date. Alternatively, you may consider transitioning to the v1 version of the API.

Reviewer: It looks like we only have a resource topic for the externalItem resource in the subnamespace. This is confusing to readers because we are saying that the resource in the global namespace is deprecated starting at the end of August. So, we should still have a topic for the externalItem resource in the global namespace, which would be marked as deprecated on August 31, until it gets removed. Otherwise, why are we announcing a deprecation at all, instead of introducing this as a breaking change?

Author: hi, @Lauragra . We use namespace for locating for a resource that owned by the resource owner team. And the externalItem has been announced as deprecation and they have new externalItem resource which is similar to origin externalItem resource but has different namespace. And our documentation aims to preannounced the deprecation and we will change the namespace to locate the new resource to align with the change from resourced owner team. 
Could you help merge the PR?
